perception is doing
mr. an objective
every word is a weapon some smart
affection a positive others are
thoughtful summer Alexis
shuts any competition cuz he often
missing my car Josh to Drew like awkward
kissing so I am after ripping these cars
on flipping bar are turning issues like
playing cards are driven slow coming
from the same place God is Lily
something's being unknown for cars and
wisdom like I'm in it now y'all's are
you did it he delivers all critics from
the pen
guys for my mouth by the window to the
footage anything you ask for the win
see the plane is no and I say anybody
fight
cific gravel yard
that gravel gotta use a music lesson if
you soup this is what I want to grab a
gun and use a few zingers I'm trying to
make the garden slow way back in the day
Adam like a soldier play
my expression to use it all the time and
skills are less look they to preview on
the show this one next his cows like
long necks wrong sex bomb sex lingkaran
flames meet
a whole bowl
so the crime scene at my screen so st.
killing again if he bites me or this
town next with a while cuz he looks
dirty and it goes in a pile now going up
such like a go Kapow
now lay so while anybody never been in a
fight boys never had much in a life
worth right before we fight it was time
to get routledge this is what I thought
I'd grab a gun and use it
that gravely news and using this egg
crabbers gotta use it music were the
weapons if you shoot them this is what I
call that grabbed a gun and use it music
good job team get ready for the next
round switching sides
look on the story yeah hard at work even
with my sleeve crying are the only
things i need down hey I'm in fun to
want it be folksy Bell wrecking the song
you help my seat sounds
it was black and white nowadays i'm
seeing a great
from the daily bullshit
Maxim
Peter will see but if you catch it
living in article a hot tub try to keep
your next kill when we fly Betty off his
entice life he uh Smith shining like the
night light horizon height see us bear
shining like the night place your eyes
might get mesmo
darkness hey what are watching for
looking at night light speaking of how
the dropping more getting our roof cops
ever you street lights provided in high
school who the truth testing the waters
knowledge is invested armor no dialogue
unless ease edge was harmless the world
talking niggas for the taker we figured
be careful when the light shows and
stars the dimming
my vision don't finish cool star in the
change base they imparted the image
others by me unique off our port to
mimic Robb Stark glowing the crowd is
replenished our flag is raised on to the
maxim ladies put your hair down top for
relax
glow bright open your eyes and imagine
living it article a hard time try to
keep your next bill when we fly by
steady off in the night right the US
beer shining like the night lights
horizon height in highrise see us there
shining like the nightlife your eyes
might get mesmerized be careful tonight